[ADD] subscriptions: add base documentation for Subscriptions (#617)
odoo/documentation-user: subscriptions/sales_flow/renewals.rst

====================
Renew a subscription
====================

The key feature of a subscription business model is the recurring nature of payments. In this model,
customers pay a recurring amount in exchange for access to a product or a service.

.. raw:: html

   <div align="center" style="color:#AD5E99; font-size: 2rem ;margin: 20px 0"> <b>The renewal of a
   subscription is the process followed by each customer when willing to pursue a
   subscription.</b> </div>

> Each subscriber experiences this renewal process monthly, annually or sometimes more, depending on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each subscriber experiences this renewal process monthly, annually, or sometimes more, depending on
```

the duration of the contract. Most subscription companies choose to automate their renewal

> processes, but in some cases, manual subscription renewals are still the preferred option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processes but, in some cases, manual subscription renewals are still the preferred option.
```

> With **Odoo Subscriptions**, you can have all your subscriptions in one application, suggest to your
> customers an automatic subscription renewals as a manual one and finally, filter all your
> subscriptions and easily find those to renew (with the help of the tag *To renew*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With **Odoo Subscriptions**, you can have all your subscriptions in one application, 
suggest an automatic subscription renewal to your customers (as well as a manual one) and, 
finally, filter all your subscriptions and easily find those to renew (with the help of the tag *To renew*).
```

Renew your first subscription
=============================

Before renewing a subscription, be sure to check out our documentation on how to create a quotation

> using subscription products, :doc:`../../subscriptions/sales_flow/create_a_quotation`. Indeed,

Reviewer: Why don't you integrate the link to the doc with the label option?

> products. Indeed, once confirmed, a quotation becomes a sales order and, a new subscription is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
products. Indeed, once confirmed, a quotation becomes a sales order and a new subscription is
```

> This subscription will therefore have the status *In progress*. From there, you have the
> possibility to renew the subscription. In the Other Info tab, underneath the To Renew section, you
> can activate the *To renew* option. When activated, a yellow tag will automatically appear in the
> upper right corner of the subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, this subscription has the *In progress* status. From there, you have the
possibility to renew the subscription. In the Other Info tab, underneath the *To Renew* section, you
can activate the *To renew* option. When activated, a yellow tag automatically appears in the
upper right corner of the subscription.
```

Author: Ok for all changes. Except *To renew* section because it is already in italic with the option "To renew" :) Section / Option. I prefer italic for features, not for section :)

.. image:: media/renewals_1.png
  :align: center
  :alt: Renew your subscription with Odoo Subscriptions

.. important::
   The *To renew* tag is automatically ticked when a payment fails. This indicator also appears
   on the customer portal. To visualize that, you just have to click on the intelligent button

>    *Customer preview*. The tag *To renew* will be at the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *Customer preview*. The tag *To renew* appears on the top right corner.
```

   .. image:: media/renewals_2.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Customer preview of a renewal with Odoo Subscriptions

> When a subscription needs to be renewed, you have the possibility to use a new button called
> *Renewal quotation*. By clicking on this button, a new quotation will be created. From there, you
> will encounter a basic sales flow allowing you to send the quotation by email to your customers or
> to confirm it. It is better to first *Send by email* the quotation to your customers in order to
> have their confirmation and then *Confirm* your quotation in **Odoo Sales**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a subscription needs to be renewed, you have the possibility to use a new button called
*Renewal quotation*. By clicking on it, a new quotation is created. From there starts a basic sales flow 
allowing you to send the quotation by email to your customers or
to confirm it. It is better to first *Send by email* the quotation to your customers to
have their confirmation and, then, *Confirm* your quotation in **Odoo Sales**.
```

.. note::
   In the Chatter of this new quotation, it is mentioned that "This renewal order has been created
   from the previous subscription". Once confirmed by your customers, this quotation becomes a

>    sales order and, one new sale is mentioned in the upper right corner of the subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   sales order and a new sale is mentioned in the upper right corner of the subscription.
```

>    In the Chatter of this new quotation, it is mentioned that "This renewal order has been created
>    from the previous subscription". Once confirmed by your customers, this quotation will become a
>    sales order and, one new sales will be mentioned in the upper right corner of the subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In the Chatter of this new quotation, it is mentioned that "This renewal order has been created
   from the previous subscription". Once confirmed by your customers, this quotation becomes a
   sales order and, one new sale is mentioned in the upper right corner of the subscription.
```

   .. image:: media/renewals_3.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Renew a quotation with Odoo Subscriptions

>    By clicking on the *Sales* button, you will have a summary of your sales orders in a list view.
>    The only difference here between your two quotations is the description underneath the
>    *Subscription Management* category. There, you can easily visualize which one is your renewal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By clicking on the *Sales* button, you have a summary of your sales orders in a list view.
   The only difference between your two quotations is the description underneath the
   *Subscription Management* category. There, you can easily visualize which one is your renewal.
```

>    By clicking on the intelligent button *Sales*, you will have a summary of your sales orders in a
>    list view. The only difference here between your two quotations is the description underneath the
>    category *Subscription Management*. There, you can easily visualize which one is your renewal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By clicking on the *Sales* button, you have a summary of your sales orders in a
   list view. The only difference between your two quotations is the description underneath the
   *Subscription Management* category. There, you can easily visualize which one is your renewal.
```

   .. image:: media/renewals_4.png
     :align: center

>      :alt: Renewal as Subscription Management form in Odoo Subscriptions

Reviewer: Not sure that all of this should be in a note. 
You could simply make it as other paragraphs.

Author: I love to make long notes because, here, it is a typical case where I explain some complementary information about sales orders. Another paragraph (as you suggest) will be for a subject about subscriptions (not about Sales like my note). So I would like to keep it this way :)
